Selection Sort
It works on the principal of finding the which is holding the smallest element and performing a single swap in each pass.

Insertion Sort:
It works on the principal of Inserting a value at given location by performing shifting.


WAP to find all the pairs which give a difference value of 1



Steps to perform Dnso
1. Create an object of Treeset with help of no argument constructor.
2. Whichever class we are trying to insert should implement comparable interface.
3. The class should provide implentation for compareTo().
4. Add the corresponding object inside the Treeset.


Steps to work with Cso
1. Create the independent class which implements comparator interface and provide implentation for compare().
2. Create a Treeset Object with the help of Argument constructor which will accept object of implementation class of comparator.

Ques: Create a collection which will have a group of Employee objects and perform the following operations:
a. Display all employees int ASC order of empId where empId is String type.
b. Remove all employees who have <5 years of experience.
3. Count the number of employees who have < 2 years of ext, b/n 2-5 and more than 5.


Map: 
Preddefined Interface, which is used to hold a groupd of entries. An entry is nothing but an association between two objects. It is also callled as key-value pairs.

In Maps, we store the objects in terms of Key-Value pairs.

Ques: 1 Create a Map which contains a group of entries of empId and empObject. Where empId is Key and EmpObject is value. And perform following operations:
a. Display only those entries where the employee has an experience of > 3 years and earns more than 60k per month.
b. Provie hike for employees based on below criteria.

Criteria		Hike
<= 2 Years		5%
2-5			10%
5+			12%

c. Remove all the entries where the employees has rating < 3.

String: It is a predifined Java Class whose object is used to hold a sequence of characters.
	These characters can be digits, alphabets or special characters or combinination of all of them.



